sausages with an engrave it would have
to be an absolute family classic it's
easy to do and especially get home late
at night and just one get something on
quick the secret to make a success is
your timing so have you potatoes ready I
the gravy we're going to use is just a
common variety top shelf gravy but to
make a taste really nice instead of
using water use some beef stock and that
just gives it another level of flavor
I've got the butter melted for my mashed
potato what it happens you need an onion
so step 1 cup toilets trying is the plan
is at the same size is the other come at
the same time and I will just cut them
into quarters now with the sausages get
some really good quality ones these ones
are Angus bleep and pepper with shiraz
so there'll be good diet prick them but
we'll talk about that in mind let's get
out Tata's on first it's about right
always remember a cold war start don't
ever put your squads in hot water to
back us up the starch and you'll end up
the buggy mess adorable okay we've got
them on while the chicken away have your
five pan reading I start on high heat
first just give that a moment is a
little bit and then put the heat back
its 2 i'm just going to blow and burn
the outside sausage and it's something
we called right through so i slowed us
the better with snacks also you probably
split the skins which is not a little
better right
squally put on our sausages
and then we'll just keep turning them to
the cook throat okay I'll turn the heat
down to medium and what I set these
quietly cooked I'll probably take about
10 or so minutes to learn to properly
okay while our sausages are cooking and
photos of cooking let's get our onion
ready to peel the source one that this
Mona
no bread okay miss water cup your onions
is that way so they'll be ready to pop
into the pan and we're almost up
okay sausages are done now what we're
gonna do is cook our onions in the pan
and use all these delicious juice into
the flavors from the sausages so we need
is to take the snare it set up and put
them to one side you want to keep them
warm Signy the cover them in foil we'll
just pop them in the oven I'm sure we're
ready
for the moment
not too much change
and we'll just stir these around and
brown them to a nice and soft and just
every so often check your potatoes to
make sure they're ready here if they're
ready then we can match them for
checking
like hair onions are done beautiful
caramelized it's pop our gravy in
and just stare at em tulip pigeons just
damn place now there we go now that's
going to be just a little too thick so
what I'll blue was kept a little bit of
stock on hand and if it does go a little
bit thick on here you can just pop some
more in and just back it off a little
bit
that looks about wrong
now we'll set this aside now a potato
and we're ready to put the meal together
okay Taylor's down first thing let's
drain it and what we want to do is get
sorry get all the moisture out that's
pretty good
but then
single mesh now if you want to make your
match really spectacularly good as I
said you gotta have your butter grab an
ad get rid of the wife just
well we wants the yolk drop in
grab butter in
and you'll end up with a much more
creamy luxurious result it's an old
trick the people doing there on the
farms in the country that most people
forgotten now but you can drop an egg
yolk in it makes all the difference
remember that puts just fabulous
practical probably take a bit more
butter gets too much butter it's never
enough and then we just need some salt
and pepper to taste
what Panther preferably
okay now right ready to assemble